With Return of the Ancients,
we're adding a
challenge series to the Path of Exile 2 league for the first time.
For every two challenges you complete,
you'll receive a piece of the Aldur Knight armor set,
so it's worth trying to complete them.
To check your progress and
the requirements for completing a challenge,
simply press "H" to open the Challenges screen.  There are
eight challenges in total,
and they gradually increase in difficulty from
fairly easy to quite challenging.
To complete the Runeseeker challenge,
you'll need to find relics with
ever-increasing sockets
and use them to craft new items.
Using the seven nests can be
quite challenging due to the six waves of enemies,
so attempting to fight in such an event
may require some skill.  There
are many optional bosses throughout the campaign.
To complete the Hunter challenge,
you will need to track down six of them.
The last two, Akthi, the Last Sting,
and Anundr, the Sandworm,
can be quite difficult to reach in Kharian Pass.
To find them, follow the
dry river bed.
You will find the arena with them at the end.
To complete the Ascended challenge,
you need to earn all eight points of
your Ascension class by
completing Ascension challenges.
However, getting the final
score can be quite difficult.
You will need to either defeat
Zarok in Level 4 of the Trial of Sekhem,
or defeat the Trial Master in
the Trial of Chaos, finding all three keys.
Of the two trials, the Trial of Chaos will
take you much longer
since you will have to complete it multiple times,
but the Trial of Sekhem is more difficult,
so you will have to decide
which of the two paths to take.  The
Reliquarian test is simple.
Identify 50 different unique items.
Having trouble finding unique items?
Jado, the Master of Atlas, has a variety of
abilities that specialize in finding them.
To complete the Craftsman challenge,
you will need to use a variety of
different crafting items.
All of them are obtained in battles near relics.
For the Cartographer challenge,
you will need to distribute points
across your entire Atlas tree.
All 300 nodes.
You can do this the slow way by
going through all the maps inside the fortress.
But there is another way.
Each time you defeat the Divine Arbiter,
you gain the ability to automatically
clear a large section of the fortress.
Find the keys to fighting him by searching Citadels in the Atlas.
Each of them has large glowing beams
so you can see them in the fog.
After four battles with him, the entire
fortress will be completed.
And last but not least, the Winner.
This challenge requires killing
three high-level bosses,
the most difficult in the game:
Tangmazu,
Bodakh, and
the Vessel of Kulemak.
These are the highbosses of Delirium, Ritual, and Abyss,
so you'll need to complete those three
questlines to complete this challenge.
However, it is important to remember that with the Vessel of Kulemak
you need to defeat him at full strength.
This means risking
the item during a boss fight by
getting the finger back and still defeating the boss.
As I mentioned,
for every two quests you complete, you'll
receive pieces of an armor set,
so you don't have to complete
all the challenges to get the rewards.
But if you do, you'll be able to
show off your skill
because everyone in the global chat or on the forums
will be able to see how many challenges you've completed.
You'll also get this totem
as a decoration for your hideout,
meaning even more people
who trade with you
will be able to see that you
were there and beat the league.
Try these quests and
more on May 29th in Return of the Ancients.
Thanks for watching and see you there!